1.Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2
In the ever-evolving landscape of web technologies, protocols play a pivotal role in determining how efficiently data is transmitted over the internet. HTTP, or Hypertext Transfer Protocol, forms the backbone of communication between web clients (such as browsers) and servers. Over the years, HTTP has seen significant updates and enhancements, with HTTP/1.1 being the longstanding standard until the introduction of HTTP/2. In this blog post, we'll delve into the key differences between HTTP/1.1 and HTTP/2 and explore how these changes have revolutionized web performance and user experience.

Introduction to HTTP/1.1:
HTTP/1.1, introduced in 1997, has been the workhorse of the World Wide Web for more than two decades. While revolutionary in its time, HTTP/1.1 has certain limitations that hindered its efficiency, especially as web applications became more complex and demanded faster loading times.

Key Characteristics of HTTP/1.1:
•	Serial Processing: HTTP/1.1 operates on a request-response model where each request from the client is processed sequentially by the server. This means that if a client needs multiple resources (e.g., images, stylesheets, scripts) to render a web page, it must wait for each resource to be fetched one at a time, leading to latency issues and slower page load times.

•	Header Redundancy: With HTTP/1.1, headers are sent with each request and response, even if they are redundant or unchanged. This redundancy adds to the overhead of each request and consumes bandwidth unnecessarily.

•	Compression and Multiplexing: While HTTP/1.1 supports gzip compression for reducing the size of transmitted data, it lacks built-in support for multiplexing, which means that multiple resources cannot be fetched simultaneously over a single connection.

Introduction to HTTP/2:
HTTP/2, released in 2015, aimed to address the shortcomings of HTTP/1.1 by introducing several new features designed to improve performance, efficiency, and security.

Key Characteristics of HTTP/2:
•	Multiplexing: One of the most significant enhancements in HTTP/2 is multiplexing, which allows multiple requests and responses to be sent and received over a single TCP connection simultaneously. This eliminates the bottleneck effect of head-of-line blocking present in HTTP/1.1, where a slow-loading resource can delay the transmission of subsequent resources.

•	Header Compression: HTTP/2 employs header compression techniques such as HPACK, which significantly reduces overhead by encoding and compressing headers before transmission. This helps mitigate the impact of redundant header data, resulting in faster and more efficient communication between clients and servers.

•	Server Push: HTTP/2 introduces server push, a feature that allows servers to proactively send resources to the client before they are requested. This preemptive approach can greatly reduce latency by anticipating the client's needs and sending relevant assets along with the initial response.

•	Binary Protocol: Unlike HTTP/1.1, which uses plaintext for communication, HTTP/2 is a binary protocol. This binary framing enables more efficient parsing and serialization of data, further improving performance and reducing latency.

Performance Comparison:
The adoption of HTTP/2 has led to significant performance improvements compared to HTTP/1.1, particularly in scenarios involving the loading of multiple resources and complex web applications. Studies have shown that HTTP/2 can result in faster page load times, reduced latency, and improved overall user experience.

Conclusion:
In summary, while HTTP/1.1 has served as the backbone of the World Wide Web for over two decades, its limitations became increasingly evident as web technologies advanced. HTTP/2 represents a significant leap forward in terms of performance, efficiency, and user experience, thanks to features such as multiplexing, header compression, server push, and binary framing. As more websites and web applications migrate to HTTP/2, users can expect faster, more responsive, and more secure browsing experiences on the modern web.

2.Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript
In the world of programming, objects are fundamental. They're everywhere, from simple data structures to complex systems. In JavaScript, objects play a pivotal role, serving as the building blocks for constructing applications. However, understanding how objects work internally in JavaScript can sometimes be tricky, especially for beginners. In this blog, we'll dive into the internals of objects in JavaScript, exploring how they are represented and manipulated.

What are Objects in JavaScript?
In JavaScript, objects are collections of key-value pairs, where keys are strings (or Symbols) and values can be any data type, including other objects. They are versatile and dynamic, allowing developers to create complex data structures and models.
Example -
const person = {
  name: "John Doe",
  age: 30,
 };
Internal Representation of Objects
•	Properties and Values: Each property of an object is stored as a key-value pair. JavaScript engines use various data structures, like hash tables, to efficiently store and retrieve these pairs.
•	Memory Allocation: When an object is created, memory is allocated for it in the heap—the area of memory where dynamically allocated memory resides. The object's properties and values are stored in this allocated memory space.
•	References to Properties: In JavaScript, objects are reference types. This means that when you assign an object to a variable, you're actually assigning a reference to the memory location where the object is stored

Example - 
const person1 = { name: "Alice" };
const person2 = person1;
person2.name = "Bob";

console.log(person1.name); 


